well to the Gracie and mommy show
because mommy's filming because she
doesn't want to scar you all with her no
I make duck face
hi everybody do it hi everybody I'm here
I'm recording I'm recording the cuteness
Gracie what do we have for them today
okay
warning extreme cuteness in this video
so much cuteness Calico Critters the
oints pig they are so cute i like a
pokemon or something i was like a
strange noise
who's that Pokemon alright so can you
tell us about the points pig family okay
prepare extreme cuteness like my arms
are shaking they're so cute
okay so the you ten little descriptions
on the bottom okay mother
Hannah likes to keep the house very tidy
and clean she also likes entertaining
her children by singing as she does the
laundry she loves taking care of her
family can you say father
nathan runs the cloverleaf corners farm
which is worth it he also loves to play
with his children whenever they start
playing a game he can't help join up in
on the pan fun he's just like a bone up
kid can you say cute can you say just
like daddy brother Noah is full of
energy and won't put pants on that's not
actually not part of it yeah I just
added that he won't poop it
no but two fans I put some pants on okay
no it's full of energy and loves playing
outside with his friends he is also very
sweet and helps his mother clean the
table and dishes after dinner
can you say put some pants on hmm sister
Molly likes it big yum users every
crater especially enjoys her strawberry
parfaits he also loves jump roping and
rollerskating outside with her friends
can you say you okay so we're gonna open
these up and then we're gonna put them
in love with my house I'm gonna we're
not gonna name him Georgetown yeah we're
not gonna home George we'll be right
back
hey we're recording can you say cute
okay just just take a moment and look
how cute these things are outfits are
killing me they're so cute and
old-fashioned so mommy
even though you're on camera can you
tell us your mom doesn't know stand up
and you tell us her experiences with
Calico Critters well I don't really
helps so I don't really have experiences
Calico Critters because I always wanted
them um and I wasn't able to get them I
have to look up how long they've been
around because I have a feeling that
these were around when I was little or
something very much like them that I was
not allowed to have um and they were in
doll houses and I suspect maybe it was
them or something like them and it was
all very very much
very I want them so greasy can you show
us can you show us daddy and mommy
piggy hey hey look it's the Gracie and
mommy and daddy's show there is no boy
there is no boy cars no boy child okay
okay Jake is no point all right
so okay so let's start out with the
mommy this is the mommy and I'm going to
zoom in on
look by the way and you can make them
totally neat okay we're not gonna do
that right now
oh my god it's so - yeah um so this is
the mommy Peggy and they pretty much all
look the same except different sizes but
you look at him for a while I love the
detail on her dress can you guys go
there's little there's like little teeny
bit of eyelet lace at the bottom of her
travel but I'm dying like wait so this
is the Merman college and now I'm cha
bucheol daddy I know the usual daddy I
know daddy
who does good daddy have like a bigger
body than the mommy it feels like can we
see the mommy again - please I just want
to see if she's yeah so the mommy and
the daddy have different body sizes he's
a little because like he's a little
chunkier than the mommy
so Oh sweetheart okay oopsie oopsie no
it's a cascoon
I know but daddy that's awful a poopy
yeah there's like they're so cute I have
like no words they are so adorable
it's a joke you could put a boy's kind
of daddy
hmm and get you girls faces all her so
you know she's just a little bit like
mommy yeah you're so cute all right put
them all back together on the table and
I'm going to zoom out and then I can do
bendy bekky but anyway so you if you
want us to do more Calico Critters um
make sure to come down below saying more
adorableness or more caldo critters and
david icke facebook kind of dragged us
to twitter follow us the places and
don't be a hater bye everybody